Administrator User Manual 

 

 

What is Qualicoach? 

 

Qualicoach is a Learning Management System (LMS). It is used to deliver training programs or online courses. 

Just like Word helps you write documents and Gmail helps you manage your emails, an LMS is a software program that helps you create, manage and deliver eLearning courses. 

LMS helps you organize these online courses/training programs (create them, change them, assign them to students, grade them, etc). 

 

A role is a collection of permissions for a specific user in a specific context. 

The following roles are available in Qualicoach: 

Administrator: The Admin (short for Administrator) can do anything and go anywhere in the site. 

Student: A user with the Student role in Moodle can participate in course activities and view resources but not alter them or see the class gradebook. They can see their own grades if the teacher has allowed this. 

 

Qualicoach courses contain the following modules: 

URL: This type of module contains video content as a course material. 

SCORM: The SCORM module enables you (the teacher) to upload any SCORM or AICC package to include in your course as a part of course material. 

Quiz: The Quiz activity module allows the teacher to design and build quizzes consisting of a large variety of Question types, including multiple choice, true-false, and short answer questions. These questions are kept in the Question bank and can be re-used in different quizzes. 

Feedback: The Feedback activity allows you to create and conduct surveys to collect feedback. The Feedback activity is ideal for course or teacher evaluations. 

Badges: Badges are a good way of celebrating achievement and showing progress. There are 3 types of badges (Gold, Silver, Bronze) 

 

 

How to create user? 

Open the following URL in browser: 

 

Click on USERS tab. Click ‘Add a new user’. 

Fill out mandatory fields. Scroll down and click CREATE USER button. 

 

How to edit user’s information? 

Open the following URL in browser: 

https://test.qualicoach.org/admin/search.php 

Click on USERS tab. Click ‘Browse list of users’. 

Search user’s name in ‘User full name’ text field. 

Click ADD FILTER button. 

Locate the user on the page and click Edit icon (Gear icon) next to user’s name. 

 

How to delete user? 

Open the following URL in browser: 

https://test.qualicoach.org/admin/search.php 

Click on USERS tab. Click ‘Browse list of users’. 

Search user’s name in ‘User full name’ textfield. 

Click ADD FILTER button. 

Locate the user on the page and click Delete (X) icon next to user’s name. 

 

How to create course? 

Open the following URL in browser: 

https://test.qualicoach.org/admin/search.php 

Click on COURSES tab. Click ‘Manage courses and categories’. 

Click ‘Create new category’ link on the page. Fill out mandatory fields. 

Scroll down and click CREATE CATEGORY button. 

Click on the category name created earlier. 

Click ‘Create new course’ link on the right side of the page. 

Fill out mandatory fields. Scroll down and click SAVE AND DISPLAY button. 

 

How to view / download user and course reports? 

Open the following URL in browser: 

https://test.qualicoach.org/my/ 

Click on the required report link. 

You can download report as CSV, ODS, XLS format at the bottom of each report. 